{\rtf1\ansi{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Courier New;}{\f1\fswiss Arial;}{\f2\fswiss Wingdings;}{\f3\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue196;\red0\green0\blue255;}\sa50\sb50\f3\fs20
#{\footnote # Robert_Marquardt}
${\footnote $ Robert Marquardt}
>{\footnote > main}
\sa50\sb50
{\keepn{\{bml usb.bmp\}\f1\fs28\cf1\b   Author of HID component\b0}\par\pard}
\{bmr Robert.bmp\}
{\fs24\b Robert Martin Marquardt\b0\line\line
born on 1 Februar 1961\line
living in Berlin, Germany\line
single, without children\line
member of Project JEDI since end of 1999 (http://delphi-jedi.org)}
\par\page

#{\footnote # IDH_Library_HID}
${\footnote $ HID - Overview}
>{\footnote > main}
\sa50\sb50
{\keepn{\{bml usb.bmp\}\f1\fs28\cf1\b   Human Interface Device component\b0}\par\pard}
The HID component gives you complete access to all HID devices of Windows 98, 98 SE, 98 ME, Windows 2000 and XP.\line
A HID device is a USB device which you can interact with. Most of the USB devices are HID. 
Keyboard, mice or scanners are definitely HID. A USB Hub is not HID. 
There is no need to touch it to make it work. 
Some non USB devices are added to HID by a legacy driver.\par

The main feature of USB is the hotplugging of the devices. Consequently the HID component 
is a controller component which handles all the HID device plugs and unplugs. 
You will therefore only need a single instance of 
the {\uldb HID component\v IDH_Class_TJvHidDeviceController} in your program. 
Each individual HID device is represented by an instance of a HID device object. 
The HID controller holds a list of all HID device objects. 
When a HID device is plugged Windows sends a WM_DEVICECHANGE message. 
The HID component catches this event and adds a new instance of a HID device object 
to its list of HID devices.\par

Now you can ask the HID component to hand out one of its {\uldb HID device objects\v IDH_Class_TJvHidDevice}. With this HID device object you can then access the individual device. When you are finished with the device hand back the HID device object to the HID component.\page
}
